nissaxter basad sima gives his opinion on the
controversy surrounding women at the
eslam awards wcol speaks out about her possible
attendance at the awards and her appreciation
adig greev Abi talks about the sexism
that female content creators suffer
when they try to advance their career
orlock very critical of the awards,
the nominations and the people who
attend them el millor very harsh against
Crystal Molly claims that her clip is
crap and that she is only nominated
to fill the quota and appear
inclusive gref presents the
official nominees for the hlan awards and makes
a move on Juan guarnizo and the
lady who wants to evict da la
review publishes a conversation he
had with gref privately and Luis
Garrido gives him a warning or
rather a threat to be
careful with his grandmother Juan guarnizo
defends greev and states that it
is probably a strategy to
tarnish youtubers auron play
clarifies that he will not abandon the Stream
forever el chocas appreciates the
reactions that the  people
showing their new house and he says to gref
how much it cost in total with all
the restoration and everything and the youtuber van
biel gives him a second chance
anonymous Wow how's the menu today eh
family What's up my kids I hope
you're having a phenomenal day
I'm delighted to be here one more day
with you to bring you the gossip And the
truth is that they are not giving us much
respite not for anyone we imagined a
few days ago what was going to happen with
a grandmother from
Andorra that was going to take digref to court digref for his part continues to defend his absence as best he can but they want to demolish the old lady's house I'm Javi oliveira welcome one more day to my channel family How are you? On this channel you will
find out about all the gossip and all the
gossip about your favorite and not
so favorite youtubers I'm giving you a
video game in each video So stay
tuned Because at any moment
when you least expect it a code will appear on the
screen hidden there that you
can redeem if you arrived today  afternoon
Nothing happens because you are going to subscribe by
activating the bell and YouTube will
notify you every time I upload a video and you will
give me a like if you are interested in this
type of content so that YouTube
always recommends it to you we are going all out
trying to cover absolutely everything at the
bottom of the news Things are on fire I will
not distract you anymore make yourselves comfortable and
let's get to it nissaxter has received a donation in which they ask him What is your opinion regarding the debate that generated the other day princessita 1331 better known on this channel as panvita 1331 what do you think of the woman who said that there is little female representation in
the do you want me to tell you what I
really think without them debasing you along the
way or trying to defame me Let's see I don't think they are
debasing me nixter He affirms something with
which I could not disagree more he
affirms that princessita has done this
simply to generate interactions and
people have fallen for giving him fame but my
true opinion is that you are mongoloids
it is a bait to generate interactions in
networks like but
clearly like I mean
this is the typical the typical thing
that says I'm going to release the dumbest thing
man to see how many people tell me
that you know what I just said is
a tremendous hippo But well you would have to
be really stupid to think like that
literally I mean what the [ __ ] bro I mean
but how are you going to think that crazy
really like something that's about merits and
numbers you want to put people in for being a
man or a
woman I'm really sorry
nixter I'm sorry to give you this news And I'm
especially sorry for
princess's parents But this girl thinks like that
she didn't imagine that she was going to
have those interactions even that
Greg was going to react to her words
really this girl has that
reasoning and a young girl like
I think it's like the typical tweet
to generate interactions sincerely that's what
I think let's see No one piza
I think that that is to generate
interactions that then when you
really think about it I'll tell you you have a
problem like if you think like that you have
a problem another one who wanted to comment
on the subject and has given her version or her
theory of why girls  they are not
nominated for these awards as much as
boys or why girls do not succeed
as much in the world of Stream Beyond
the wankers it has been Abi tits tits big tits tits big tits tits
rcas t tacas tusas tet turras tungas
tits bufas bufar bufar rcas bufon
sias bac Abi argues that the career of
female streamers is more complicated
than that of boys because at
first they grow faster or
receive more donations because the
wankers The Sims go after them
try to gain their trust and create a
kind of parasocial relationship a woman
and a man They have the same
possibilities when opening Stream Because
everyone can have a PC, a camera,
turn it on, open obs and see who sees them
in the sense that both can open
Stream Well yes, they have the same
possibilities or the same
rights or however you want to say it, they
have the same possibilities of growing a
lot from there, simple, a woman
probably when opening Stream And being a
small streamer is more
likely to reach some
numbers than men, I repeat, a woman
that just opened a stream that has few
followers is going to be more likely to
have people watching it at first
than men and you might ask yourself why? Because of
the tits, not because of the wankers, because of the
men why because men there are
a lot of people, a lot of guys who feel
very lonely and what they do is look for
female attention and go to
small communities of women
but then as they grow it is
more complicated for them than for
men to create a healthy community that doesn't
only look at you for your physique,
therefore at the beginning a community of a
woman probably tends to be much
more full of Sims and wankers than one
that is already larger and already has a
much more generalized community and such. That is
why small streamers
tend to have much bigger donations
than small streamers but
this is not because of the tits this is because of the
men it is that you always tend to
say it is No it is not because of the wankers you are
like that regarding this I gave my opinion more
extensively in yesterday's live in case you
want to see it but basically it
seems like sovereign nonsense to me now I am
surrounded by idiots I think it is not the
same target of  content what
Abi is looking for what princess is looking for what
Ari is looking for Gameplay that for example what
nissaxter is looking for selin cristinini mik
Vasco and I can give you a lot of
names in which each one looks for a
different type of public and content and
use different attributes there are some
that use intelligence there are some
that use talent charisma the
experience they have as a doctor as a
journalist the studies they have done
Like for example the imper actina and then there are
those that use their
completely valid physique I am not
criticizing each one there to do what they
want but the target audience is not the
same what many
men complain about women at the beginning it is
much easier for you put on tits
Put on scot and such a woman grows more at the
beginning that is why from what I have
told you There are many wankers who go to
small daytime communities to
get female attention who do not
have their private lives But what
happens just as this happens the
experience of a girl is very different
from that of a boy a boy has a much better
chance of creating a
healthy community than  support him for who he is and
how he is and not for what he is that they
are not harassing him that there is not something
behind constant harassment and bullying that
yes they are underdressed almost all the
women who start I mean
us at the beginning the feedback that we are
going to have is a percentage of
wankers as many of you know, that is to say
not all in situations of constant harassment and
not only harassment forums of people spending time
in nudes our forums of people passing
photos of us saying if they
[ __ ] us or if not eh asking to see if
anyone has images of us
eh photos retouched with ia seeing us
naked eh harassment of people who
fall in love with us or that they
develop a crazy mentality with
us and if you ask the
streamer girls they will all be able to tell you some
situation or some scary experience with
a follower that they know where we
live that they have seen us on the
street that they fall in love with us that they become
obsessed with us or in other words I
call things to forums threads in forums of
people that  She likes her physique and
collects there all the photographs that
she herself has uploaded on her networks Abi and
other girls upload to their social networks
Twitter Instagram stories photos on
Instagram photographs of them in thongs
and in a bra in underwear and I already
told you to do whatever you want but
like Alex El Capo his followers
compile the best games he was a
[ __ ] machine what Agustn 51 the best
anger at gref the best
fortnite deaths or Juan guarnizo the best
sheets for you Abi your followers
compile the best nudes or the nudes
that they liked the most that you yourself
have uploaded
sex or I mean in the end I want you to be
aware that the career of a
streamer for what everything I just
told you is much more
complicated the truth is that I open a debate
in the comments box I am very
interested in knowing your opinion But
please always do it with respect
wesco has told his followers
that it is quite likely that he will attend
the eslam awards since he has
great respect and affection for gref
marija who was on the right date, meaning she
was two days after Andorra, if you
know what I mean. I mean, if I travel to the awards it'll
be in two days, from there to Rome. I would stay
nearby. I would stay nearby, if you
know what I mean. So it's something that I'm
thinking about. Yoyo, well. Ah, there could be a
reason why it happened like that. It could be
important, it could be interesting to
go to the awards. I'm really saying it, I would
go to the awards. Simply because
I really, really like
gref and that [ __ ] has all my
respect. That man was one of the people
who treated me the nicest when he
met me. And when I
was truly trampled on by many people, that
[ __ ] never did it. Honestly, I don't know
how many times I've heard wcol
repeat that he didn't want to get close to these
groups, that he was independent, that he
sailed alone and that he didn't want to participate
in the things of these people who didn't
need him. We've already seen him in the
game. We've already seen him in laquin, we've
seen him trying to get on the
soiree and now he's going to attend the
hlam awards. I mean, really, Cucho
treated me with respect, you sent him.
dude what daddy That man was one of the
first to say this fatso has his
turn and my decision is tink do you
understand me then I really liked that
dude and I respect sem
marica a lot always because in the end everyone
who is dedicated to this in some way
wants to enter that Wheel you have to
enter the wheel a little bit luckily or
unfortunately you know and it exhausts me I don't
know why however orlock has
had a different opinion for his
followers when it comes to giving their opinion not
so much directly about gref or about
the awards but more about how people
took these awards the nominations
the voting and that in the end it is
content of greev's channel and
obviously it is not something official I have
seen people who are super invested in the
eslan but bro I mean there are bro Pea
who legitimately let's see I am the
example of this Neither because I don't give a damn
either but people are
legitimately more worried about Who they
nominate eh irl of the year than who
governs the country I mean that I mean there are
people who maybe eh bro  eh
arrives his father says I'm coming from the doctor I've
just been diagnosed with
pancreatic cancer your mother is getting a divorce and the
kid says shut up shut up they didn't
put wanar in as a streamer irl It's not
right There's no right maybe I mean
tomorrow bro it concerns us eh Russia makes a
coup d'tat takes over the government of another
country Yeah but have you seen that I steal The
eslam have you seen that I steal that the clip
of the year was given to a
Minecraft series this bro is not that big of a deal or
whatever and above all It's not for it's not that
important and above all you realize I mean no I don't
say it bad Eh On the
contrary as praise But keep in mind that
the eslan is not any I mean it's not
official bro I mean it's not even like
the Oscars it's not official well it's
a relatively official academy but
it's a subjective thing too no but
realize that it is not I mean There is no
real validity in winning a slang It's like
if tomorrow I make an award with my
five friends and I give the award to the most
[ __ ] of all bro well it has the
validity our  we give
but it is not I mean it is not a real proof
that whoever wins an award is the best
and above all something as subjective as
the content bro and as it is Twitch that if you
say if it was something like the Ballon
d'Or the best soccer player Okay, well you
can see some more or less objective criteria
no but bro for a
Twitch thing that each one does each one does
their house and each one does what they want
each one has a community
each one has a sense of humor obviously obviously
this does not measure anything bro I
mean this is something completely symbolic
and but you also realize that people
treat the slams as if they were
literally elections bro As if it
were a thing of
institutional democracy and bro I mean I
say it with respect but the slams exist
solely and exclusively so that gref
has a huge dick, I mean that's the only
reason it's not like an effort by the
community to create a ranking Like
not something measured with bro the slang
only exist so that gref can take out his
dick bro that's the only reason and it seems to me
and it seems perfect and completely legitimate
bro  and a very good idea
from gref, I mean a very good idea about this
first part that you just heard. The
truth is that I was going to comment on what he
said but I'm not going to take a single
comma out of it because you've heard me give my
opinion on the hland on many occasions.
There are many people who think that it's a
negative criticism but it's not something
objective. It's simply something that seems to me to be a
very nice event. In fact, there are many
people on Twitter who take clicks from me
as if comparing. When I say that the HL
are not something official, it's simply
gref's content comparing it with other
clips where I say that the hland are very
nice, that it's a very cool event. blah blah blah blah
blah these are things that are not
incompatible, it's very nice, it's very
cool, it's entertaining. The truth is, it's not a
bad idea. It's fun, it's nice to
have something like that. The
content creators too. Yes, yes, we already heard
that you love to eat it all up. Now
please let's move on to something else, but
objectively it's not something official, it's
gref's content. Gref puts
the nominees in and out as he pleases and
gives the award to whoever he wants.  he feels like it, he doesn't
know all the communities, he doesn't know
all the streamers, he's not a
real representation of the entire
platform, neither Twitch nor YouTube and
in fact gref is not stupid at all because
gref knows if you want to gain an audience
bro I mean you gain a fan audience on
your own and y Well getting it
like everyone else no but if you want to
do a huge event like the evening for
example like the slam Why are they so
huge because it's not just about the
person who organizes it in the evening it's not
just about ibai or gref lo lo what
is an event there are so many people it's because
suddenly they agglutinate creates is the word
accumulate because they bring together 200
different communities and greev who is not a
stupid guy at all says okay How can I
do it, I'm not saying that this has been his
process okay but if I imagine it I
say How can I do it to do an
event, do something and that all the
big or relatively
big streamers want to participate you know that no I
mean it can't go directly against me
because then the rest of the people who are
not from my community  he's going to give a
[ __ ] and a big streamer is going to
sell himself to do something about me
so how do I make
everyone want to go to their communities bro
well you go to the [ __ ] ego of each
perfect streamer Because ads all the [ __ ]
streamers We are [ __ ] egomaniacs and
narcissistic pieces of [ __ ] I mean if the
system is perfect the system is
perfect then what do you do organize
some streamer awards so that the
streamers compete between each other so that the
communities compete between them to
see who is the best with
completely arbitrary criteria bro and what and I
mean the only person who reports
benefit to him quote unquote he is also
crazy about these things not the person
who reports benefit to him quote unquote is
that gref because he has everyone
as always bro as always dancing
to the beat of his little fingers but I mean and it
seems perfect to me I mean and it seems
intelligent on his part and it seems great to me I mean
[ __ ] great for him but
realize bro that this is an event that
gref did because he was the
[ __ ] who is going to take the viewers  it's
gref and the rest of the people are there
because they support him, invite one or the other
or make the committee with the people, the
professional committee, whatever the [ __ ] there is with
the people who are his dick,
I think Exactly the same thing that
orlock said is basically a
really good marketing strategy in fact this year I think he
invented two categories
to include Cry and Jerry
moa because he's seeing the numbers that
Cry has with this nonsense of
shipping with Jerry supports supports on
several occasions gref has given like has
retweeted he has even published
screenshots of the fashionable shipping from the end
of last year for example here you have
a tweet silence my novel begins these are
things that little by little if you put them together they make you
realize And the category that he
invented this year for best
mobile creation is obviously because he wants
those 700 800,000 viewers that
Cry and Jer mu have added to those that
eslam normally have is jeri going to go
with you to esl Well I think so in
theory Yes if he doesn't come with me I'm not going
that  it's clear that day I'm not going either if
she doesn't go I'm not going to go alone they're going to
eat me alive there crazy if I go alone there they
'll eat me alive Well that day they're going to
eat me alive 100% on Twitter that day
Troy is going to burn 100% win or lose
Troy is going to burn 100% so at least be
accompanied no at least be accompanied
there with Pipe with my parents and with
Jerry obviously moly has felt
offended by the following opinion that
the millor has given about her nomination for
clip of the year it's an attempt by the
eslan to be inclusive and we put in a
trans person and that's it and so they
applaud us and all that I don't understand this is
[ __ ] garbage this is infected garbage no
What is this [ __ ] like this no it's not
clip of the year this I think my worst
clip of the year is better than this let's see
but it's not bad I was already mentally going to
criticize it but it's not bad why is
this clip here well try because it's a
girl and we have to cover a quota of the
number of girl clips that we have to
put so that  people get angry
but it is a good clip you know how to look at
the clip objectively It is bad I do not
see it as a clip to nominate it as clip of the
year and I have nothing against cristal
moly but the clip It is bad the clip is
nonsense s orange
Thank you very much no
eloo with great
sadness
the best is the clear example of being a
shitty person has no limits
Hahaha that click was there by
public vote And if it does not make you laugh
You must understand that your opinion is not everything
Twitch po datata Why every time I
appear in something it is forced inclusion And if
a girl was left in the clips it is because there are
women who make good
content and I introduce them to you or after so
many that they do not pay attention to you you no longer
locate them let's see the clip it is [ __ ]
objectively and I'm sorry cristal moly I
really have nothing against you I
promise you I do not dislike you or anything like that
But let's see clip of the year for
clip of the year this bit rate how about
marqui how about everyone but for you he does not
live here but listen to me
bit rate What does bit rate mean is the
power  when streema looks at the obs at the
bottom right a little
green square appears if you're doing well and it says
K PS or Cab per second and it tells you
how much you're going Ah You know what I
thought dude that Boomer I thought that
was the speed at which people were
throwing money at you What are you
saying How how how No
beits speed beits speed
put that they have the
balls to try to defend that this
clip could deserve a slam it's an
insult to content creation to
all streamers and even to
eslan But I guess I'm a piece of [ __ ]
for pointing out the obvious is the
response of the moror who has continued
the last few hours making fun of and
making fun of his bifeo with Crystal Molly
with great sadness
with great
sadness on his part yesterday
the official nominees were announced in this last
stage for the hlam awards I'm not going to
read you all the categories here one by
one nor am I going to tell you Who the
nominees are we'll see that later live
if you want we're going to comment on what
interests us And they are the picks  that gref launched
point number one a dig at Juan
guarnizo Juan guarnizo If you watch this video
I don't understand how you keep leaving it Well I do
n't know if they've come to Spain
andorra on some occasion but they're going to
be invited they can come to the gala and
well then to the hotel eh which by the way
is a good hotel eh the one we got
for the finalists you can trust There are
good beds this is
the hotel quite good eh I
confirm it breaks all over Juan's face
I don't know how you see this
surely many of you are going to say well it's a
joke point number one
gref is up to date with all the gossip the gossip about there's a good bed the gossip about hotels he's always on top of all the gossip he knows what's happened he knows the story he has with Juan and he makes fun of him live in one of the live
shows of the year the ones with the highest audience
and the other one will go down he will come to the ESL
and he will be there in good spirits with gref
in fact he has already come out to defend him from his
latest controversy I think there's a little group let's
see if  it feels a bit like a
witch hunt what they're doing to gref the
same eh it feels very much like a witch hunt
why because literally it's the same
person who spent all of 2023 doing
an Excel spreadsheet to see if the guy met
the requirements to be in Andorra
when I'm almost sure that the guy
is Spanish, he doesn't even have to, I mean, I do
n't think he resides in Andorra the guy and
this is literally most
likely the old lady's relatives
saw this post on Twitter,
found out through the news or
whatever and they looked for the same guy to
make this news public literally
Yes it looks like a witch hunt well
Juan just made this up right in front of
everyone The guy he's talking about is
the guy who tweeted about this Excel spreadsheet about
the days that gref was in Andorra and the
days he was in Spain, some nonsense
that we also discussed at the time and
yes it's true that the guy does
n't seem to be very fond of gref and he has
published and promoted these
headlines but the thing is that this headline about
the old lady's story is being talked about all over the internet
Twitter all Twitch and all
YouTube that the boy has tweeted and this does
not mean that the news comes from
him in fact I think he has been one of the
last to mention something about the subject
the news is released by the
Andorran media I think because the
lady's family is p in contacts so that it is
made public but that kid had
nothing to do with this and of course gres
has mentioned something about this subject
basically making fun of the
very important lady there are many people waiting for me to
talk about the controversy
that has been around me in the
last 24 hours and such there are many people
who are looking forward to there being something in
video format from me to release it for
tiktok I made the statement before on
Twitter because in 24 hours it has gotten
a little strange I hope you are
watching this live with your grandmother
because I will surely eat her
during the announcement of the finalists And
yes it is true that I am sending you to Twitter
to see the statement It's that I don't want to
talk much more but I have received several
comments from Hey grez it's that I
can't read that much anyway it's that you have
put a lot of text there well
explaining many things that needed to be
explained but I don't I I I can't
read that much Well then we have prepared
a video summary to dedicate a short
space of time To this topic that
has revolved so much around my name during the last day
so
enjoy it gr has sent some
private messages to d la review
complaining about the last video he
made talking about this topic so
we can confirm that he didn't like the video
very much Hey Dalas I've always
wanted to ask you a question
when you dedicate videos to someone for
example me do you do it because you
faithfully believe Everything you say or because you
get angry at that person for something from the
past to which Dala answers if it will
bother you to Investigate a little you would see
that I recently took your side with the
fight you had with El Rubius I don't care
if you were a fake with me in the
past I didn't say anything about you from 2016
to 2021 with the iPod thing I defended you
two months ago with the Rubius thing and now
I curse everything with the  Grandma,
blaming your actions on me
acting badly because I don't like you is absurd, it
's you who is acting badly, not me for
criticizing you, you should take
responsibility for it and stop
passing the buck. And by the way, it's very
ugly that you were telling
lies to your colleagues about the
conversations we had two years ago.
In the end, one tells the other and it
ended up reaching me. I never told you that
you lost on purpose or any [ __ ]
even remotely similar. I don't know why you were
telling that nonsense to a
third party, to which Gref before blocking
Dallas Answer the following. The truth
is that I have never had anything against
you either. I consider that I have done
anything wrong to you. Whoever knows me knows that I do not
like to speak ill of anyone and go about my
business, and even more so in private. My message was
to confirm the type of person
you are, a person who lives locked up in
their opinion, who spreads the evil of others, and who
lives off it regardless of its veracity, it
is not the lifestyle that I
believe anyone can be happy with. But if it is the one
you have chosen, cheer up with it and has
blocked Dallas. I do not know  What do you
think of this message? I open a debate in
the comments box, always with
respect. Please, but I think that gren did
n't like the Dallas video very much.
What makes you think that? Now he
confirms to me that this indirect message that he threw in
his statement was surely about that
video. Finally, for all the scum
of the internet who seek harm more than
the truth, you care more about the person than what was
done and in these last 24 hours I
have seen you particularly active telling you
what you want to read. I like to mistreat
older women. In fact, I like to
eat them. In the next live broadcast, I will put
a counter to go after your grandmother and
devour her. Be
careful. I don't know if you remember Luisa
Garrido, the lady who went to kick
Borja Escalona. She has posted a statement
on her social networks in which she
makes a harsh threat to gref. With which
I would be careful because I have
seen this lady, as I have told you
before, go personally to kick Borja
Escalona. I'm going to tell you one thing, grez, I didn't
know you and I have no interest. I'm
glad that you didn't.  whether you called me or stopped by
because I'm going to tell you
something, like the news that comes out, I've
been defending you because I never believe what they
publish, I have to see with my
eyes and hear with my ears, but I'm going to
Andorra, I'm going to find out if it's
true, I'm going to interview the woman and
if it's true, if you have the
nerve to throw an 80 year old woman
out of her house, I swear to God I'm
going to call you Tito. I don't think you
supposed that would be a problem for her.
I hope it's not true because what disgusts me the
most in this life is that the
more money a person has, the more
avaricious they become, whether you're right or wrong,
if you have money, man, what do you care? Put
up with the poor woman, she's got
four newscasts left. Then
take your property, renovate it, sell it,
do whatever the hell you want,
but if it's true that you're
evicting and making
life miserable for an 80 year old woman,
my mother is the same
age. I breathe easy, Luisa, we love you.
Luisa was here.  by this channel By
the way and I'm going to tell you something yesterday The
other day you made fun of the video I
made of you I'm not getting into your controversies you don't get into it of
course you don't care about freedom nor do
you care about equality you care about
money no Well look I'd rather be a
starving streamer and have the
dignity that I have and hold my face up
than be a millionaire like you and have to
hide your head under your ass don't
forget and today you're up and tomorrow you're
down you never know eh in
recent months we have been commenting on
several occasions about the retirement of
auron Play well not only have
we been commenting on it but he and
the villin herself have confirmed it on occasion It
seems that the old man
has regretted it a little and
suddenly it is seen that the
date is approaching that he has less than half a year left
and that probably GTA 6 will also come out
probably that of detaching himself
absolutely completely from this that is
our drug No, well it is not going to be
possible or he is not going to feel like it at
all but he will take it more
calmly when extreme  three well I
repeat myself and I will always say I would like to
do an extreme three before relaxing
with the streams okay I won't say stop
because then I know that maybe I won't
stop and I appear from time to time here
to play Super Mario because I
simply feel like it let's change
the word to stop for relax does that seem
fine to you it seems much better to me well
before I relax with the streams
I would like to do extreme 3 Yes Well
in fact we will do it in fact we will already do it it has been
spoken with everon and everything and
everything is everything is fine there will be some Minecraft I
was going to say Minecraft squid games not an
extreme Minecraft there will be there because it
is a simple fun series where
people have a great time where it gives very
good results to everyone Because it
gives a lot of content to many people and there
is no negative part the truth especially
if things are done well like
last year by the Administration I
mean not killing people to let
everything flow if things are done well it
will turn out well again the truth regarding
the issue of continuing to create series Well for
now he confirms that he will do
extreme Minecraft before leaving Well before
leaving before  relax of course we
will of course of course I don't
know I don't know aote soon no abote soon
no but you know I'm a
bit of an in Table person and then I get crossed
and put something together for the moment no I
like miniseries more right now you know
like The Hunger Games
Minecraft extreme squid game I'm more in
favor of Small events of one two
3 days I have a better time and I think
people enjoy it more But that does
n't mean that there could be I don't know a
tortillaland of a month to close the
plot it could happen I don't know
[ __ ] I don't know the socas
thanks with this tweet
the users and
content creators reacting to the video in which he
shows his new house because what you're
going to see here is not just
any house it's the house of a [ __ ]
[Music]
Pro thanks to everyone for the feedback on
the new house I'm glad you
liked it so much leave me all
your questions and doubts about the house written here
and tomorrow at 4 I'll open Stream and I'll
answer them there are many coming
creators who have commented on this
new television studio home that
chocas has set up in Madrid a
small Star room that also has
a TV hanging like the one in
the bedroom it's the same one
but I can't download it because the
remote battery ran out and I don't have batteries
here he told me the same thing when I went and
that was months ago
[ __ ] I mean that TV is never going to come down from
there I mean if it doesn't turn on in six months then let's
go no that that TV is not going to be
used I can openly say and I
think this is 100% real if choca is
still here let him confirm it but I
think I was the first streamer to pee
in his
house I think I was the first streamer to
break in this bathroom and and Ugh and if they break it in
Ugh if they break it in there is positive feedback and
negative feedback Like for example the one that
Dallas gave him who left him
the following message on Twitter
let's really pretend that choca is not
a nefarious character who treats his
own family like [ __ ] his
friends  you betray from behind
creating multiple accounts And
criticizing the house Hold on to the chair
and shut your ass how much did
this cost you you clash between buying reform and everything
Here there are several kilos Eh well it also
depends on the area that is in Madrid And
such But damn I thought he wasn't
going to say it guys
2.2 and he says it and is so calm it's
incredible Well but because he also
said it in his live and such he wo
n't be here either he won't be here
licking any nonsense choca are you
aware that in the Setup when you
're doing a live broadcast you won't be able to open
these [ __ ] windows or what you
would like not today the choca has already
released its new Setup and this is how his
live broadcast looks This is my main shot this one
down here is the overhead shot of the
kitchen when I'm cooking the shot
down there of the diagonal down there
the diagonal down there is that a
diagonal shot of the kitchen that will be a
little higher and then I'll have a
frontal shot of the kitchen okay the
frontal shot of the kitchen will go here here here
okay that won't be the ndi the ndi is this and  I
activate the camera movement okay
the ndi is this which is basically so I
can see whatever I want okay
this is basically the end that is to say I
can walk around my house and everything
works fine Look Oh by the way Look I'm
going to show you this since I'm here
Look who owns this who owns this
revelation streamer of 2021 the best
streamer in the history of
Spanish speakers in the world Maybe Of course you
do crash the best streamer
because gref says so I don't know how you
see it but I being used to the
other to the yellowish tone of the
other camera closer No I see this frame a
little strange I think I will
end up Adjusting it and putting it a little
lower because in fact it gives me
a lot of OCD that the shocka can be seen so far away
and so low it's as if he wanted to
show more of the living room than himself she is
a very cheap [ __ ] that you should never ever
trust her she is a
disgusting [ __ ] and you should never have
any trust in her because the
only thing she is going to do is betray is the one you
know that  always at some
[ __ ] point he will betray you And
finally I read you the tweet from vaniel I don't know
if you remember the famous creator of the
fern
flo song it all starts when there is nothing to
do when all you want is to
have an audience to entertain When you
do something random without imagining that
one day the world will be talking about you you
only do what you like it turns out that what you
do a lot of people enjoy it you
enter YouTube and create a channel you
create a character and you stop being normal
thousands of likes thousands of views seeing your
name on the best lists thousands of
fans come true many of your
dreams silver button gold button and
the diamond plate which is the greatest
treasure few have achieved it and it is about one
that I am going to talk to you this is the rap of
fern F
that nimu had silenced for things she
said and attitudes she showed I disliked her
and I don't like to know anything about the people that I dislike
but I have realized that her
character is developing
positively and That even causes her to
follow redemption I think so what do
you think And me  what do I care And
what do I care I'll be reading you and
well family here we are leaving the
video not before sharing this clip with you
with the most tender image you'll see
[Music]
today
if this doesn't deserve your like I don't know
what to put for you family Thank you so much
for enjoying the video I hope
you liked it if you've gotten to
this point I imagine you've been
entertained And that's what it's about stay
tuned I don't know if at night I'll do a
live broadcast on this channel you already know that you
can follow me on Twitter or in my
WhatsApp group to find out everything I
do and to be notified there
So nothing a huge kiss bye bye and
until the next
video
than